hello everybody welcome to Jamaica
welcome to publish resorts and property
executive chef Stephan spot welcome to
my kitchen for our dessert here we have
a dry coconut so in order to crack that
coconut to break it to open a very easy
technique is you just take the knife and
just kind of whack it and turn it around
with a crack open the liquid inside is
actually the coconut water quite nice we
could use that for cooking or just a
drink it's really quite nice and
refreshing we're digging out the coconut
meat be careful with the knife because
you don't want to hurt yourself with the
knives you have to be very very careful
with that how we are grating the coconut
on a grid on a cheese grater regular
cheese grater but try and use the finest
edge because we actually won't strain
that afterwards so we're actually going
to eat that coconut so you really want
it fine as possible here in that pot we
have our heavy cream and coconut milk we
are going to use a fresh vanilla just
invest those extra couple of dollars and
using a fresh vanilla bean it's just so
much nicer cut it in half scrape out the
vanilla and added both to the mixture
our sugar is in there already and we're
going to now put this on the fire just
bring it to a boil to slide similar
don't want it to burn really
another idea we left this in queues for
about 10 or 15 minutes you want to get
all these flavors kind of coming
together right in here we have our
gelatine leaves soaked in very cold
water and we just squeeze out the water
which is adding the gelatine now to the
heavy cream rum of course very important
part of that dish we have coconut rum
which which will again boost the actual
flavor of the panna cotta it really
gives a great flavor so we're going to
add a couple of shots or you know maybe
one extra one we're now going to spoon
it really into our prepared dishes you
can use any dish that you like you could
even use the coconut shell which is
quite nice we do that quite often also
but we have these nice glass dishes
which the blue is a nice contrast with
the white once we spooned that in we're
going to put in the refrigerator and you
want to chill it for maybe two to three
hours because it has to be cold it has
to be really really set to finish our
dish we're actually taking the coconut
meat sliced is really really thinly with
a vegetable peeler is ideal really put
them on a sheet pan spray them with a
little bit of water and some icing sugar
and we chose too much of their golden
brown and then they're going to go once
everything is set we're going to put
them right on top of it and that's
really very simple to play it our panna
cotta we have local leaves and this is a
banana leaf here you could use any kind
of leaf from your garden of course that
you can find make sure it's edible
because you don't want those poisonous
person sleeps of course so you have
banana leaf and we're cutting this just
to the point placing it right on the
white plate again putting the coconut
panna cotta on top of that we've added
the toasted shaved coconut right on top
of that placing it right in the center
and you see that color contrast already
just works so beautifully we just finish
it all it needs is a piece of actual
cracked coconut and a slice of mango we
have on here and as a final touch really
we're just adding some dusting like a
sting of cocoa powder and a sprig of
fresh mint and that's it here you have
it just for two
you